# Software Specification
A system provided as an app, which is used by customers who want to order food and drinks at the street food market operated by S-Food. The customers come to S-Food on their own initiative, and their only relation to S-Food is that they download and use the app to order and pay for food and drinks. The system is primarily an administrative tool that is responsible for registering all customers and their orders, and facilitating secure payment of these with the customers’ credit cards. Secondarily, it is a communication medium that customers use to request delivery of orders from the food shops and bars. The system can register a new customer with credit card information, compose a meal with a number of orders for food shops and bars, select food or drink items in each order of a meal, make payment for a meal, and register the table where a customer wants his/her orders delivered. The app is running on each customer’s smartphone. It communicates through a wireless network with a server that registers what the individual customer has ordered and paid for. On the smartphone, there is always a copy of all meals from the current day, so they are available if the wireless network fails. The app includes a QR code reader. The app will be developed by S-Food’s own IT department in cooperation with S-Food’s sales department, the food shops and bars, and a few customers who will be selected to represent the whole customer segment. It may be necessary to resolve conflicting requirements between these different groups. The app will be used by users with very different levels of IT skills.
# Use Case

# Functional Requirements
FR1: The **Customer** should be able to order a meal composed of a number of orders.
FR2: The **Customer** should be able to pay for their meal.
FR3: The **Customer** should be able to register a table where they want their orders delivered.
FR4: The **System** should be able to register a new customer with credit card information.